Feat: addon installation without internet (#518)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/platform-engineers/system-operation/enable-addon-offline.md

---
title: Enable Addon without Internet
---

> ## Enable without Internet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable without Internet Access
```

> If your cluster cannot request `https://addons.kubevela.net` or `github.com`, you can download these files from `https://github.com/oam-dev/catalog/tree/master/addons` to local, and specify a local addon dir when enable an addon to install locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your environments don't have access to `https://addons.kubevela.net` or `https://github.com/oam-dev/catalog`, you should git clone the repo `https://github.com/oam-dev/catalog/tree/master/addons` locally. You can specify a local addon directory when enable an addon for installation.
```

> Please notice that, while installation the cluster maybe still need pull some images or helm charts from Internet.If your cluster also cannot request the Internet you need  follow these steps to install the addon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before installing an addon, you should check if the addon contains any container images or other sub helm charts in it. If so, the addon also can't be installed well.  You can follow these steps to make it success.
```

> 1. Download the addon's files from https://github.com/oam-dev/catalog/tree/master/addons` to your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Git clone [the catalog repo](https://github.com/oam-dev/catalog) to download these addon files.
```

Reviewer: 加上 git clone 命令

> 2. Sync the addon needed images and helm charts which you want to enable to your own image/helm repo. Then modify the addon's files to reference you own repo. We will introduce what images/helm charts needed to sync for each addon below. 

Reviewer: 2. Sync the container images relied by addon to your own image repository. 

这里要给出怎么 sync 的命令方法

3. Sync the helm charts to your own chart repository. 

这里给出怎么搭建自己的helm rpeo 的链接，并给出上传替换的方法。

4. Modify the values of addon by referring to your own repository.

 We will introduce what images/helm charts needed to sync for each addon below. 

这里要给出一些特征，什么情况下容易找到。
